#Chapter 1

###1) Give an example of a feature common in interpreted languages that is rare in compiled languages. Dynamic typing is common in interpreted languages.
###2) Name two advantages of static typing over dynamic typing.
Static typing does type checking at compile-time, which allows the compiler to catch trivial bugs early.
It also aids the program in debugging and understanding the code, and creates a safety discipline. Finally,
since type checking is done before runtime, programs can generally run faster.
###3) Give an example of a static semantic error.
int x = "14";
###4) What are two reasons you might want to turn off code optimization?
If your code has a minor bug, optimization can make the bug appear or disappear. This makes debugging difficult. Furthermore, it might encourage you to write better code.
###5) When you run gcc with -S, why might the results look different on different computers?
The assembly code generated by running gcc -S will depend on the processor architecture. This varies depending on the machine you're using.
###6) If you spell a variable name wrong, or if you spell a function name wrong, the error messages you get might look very different. Why?
The two errors will be found at different stages of compilation. A syntax error (spelling a variable name wrong) will likely be during the parsing stage. On the other hand, spelling a function name wrong might produce a linking error if the compiler thinks you are trying to load the function from an external library.
###7) What is a segmentation fault?
A segmentation fault occurs when a restricted area of memory is attempted access. 

